Update security and index deny example (#708)
neo4j/neo4j-documentation: cypher/cypher-docs/src/docs/dev/ql/administration/security/security-and-indexes-intro.asciidoc

Users need to explicitly call procedures to use these indexes.
The problem is only that if this behavior is not understood by the user, they might expect the full text index to return the same results that a different, but semantically similar, Cypher query does.

> ==== Example with blacklisted properties

Reviewer: As David mentioned, we are making a conscious effort of not using the word `blacklisted` per https://trello.com/c/DhCCoW4i/2713-replace-whitelist-blacklist-with-allowlist-denylist. Is there a particular reason we should revert to this?

Author: No, I don't particularly care either way. I just remembered when we updated the hospital example for [fine-grained graph privileges in the operations manual](https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/authentication-authorization/access-control/#auth-access-control) and I think `denylist` had been changed to `blacklist` in there, hence updating it here as well. I can drop the second commit if we prefer to keep it how it was

Reviewer 2: I suggest we use `blocked` in this page, in place of either `blacklisted` or `denylisted`

@Hunterness do you know if there are any problems with using _blocked_/_blocking_ verbiage in this example (as opposed to _blacklisted_/_blacklisting_)?

Another alternative is _denied_/_denying_ - I think we should try to avoid using _denylisted_/_denylisting_ as outside of usage in the command it looks and sounds odd!

Author: I agree that _denylisted/denylisting_ sounds odd, one of the reasons I changed it.

I think _denied/denying_ is better then _blocked/blocking_, will update together with the other review comments :)

Consider the following example.
The database has nodes with labels `:User` and `:Person`, and these have properties `name` and `surname`.
We have indexes on both properties:

[source, cypher]
----
CREATE INDEX singleProp FOR (n:User) FOR (n.name);
CREATE INDEX composite  FOR (n:User) FOR (n.name, n.surname);
CALL db.index.fulltext.createNodeIndex("userNames",["User", "Person"],["name", "surname"]);
----

[NOTE]
Full-text indexes also support multiple labels.
See <<administration-indexes-fulltext-search, Indexes for full-text search>> for more details on creating and using full-text indexes.

> After creating these indexes, it would appear that two of the indexes accomplishes the same thing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After creating these indexes, it would appear that two of the indexes accomplish the same thing.
```

However, this is not completely accurate.
The composite and fulltext indexes behave in different ways and are focused on different use cases.
A key difference is that full-text indexes are backed by Lucene, and will use the Lucene syntax for querying the index.

This has consequences for users restricted on the labels or properties involved in the indexes.

> Ideally, if the labels and properties in the index are blacklisted, we can correctly return zero results from both native indexes and full-text indexes.

Reviewer: As above.

However, there are borderline cases where this is not as simple.

Imagine the following nodes were added to the database:

[source, cypher]
----
CREATE (:User {name:'Sandy'});
CREATE (:User {name:'Mark', surname:'Andy'});
CREATE (:User {name:'Andy', surname:'Anderson'});
CREATE (:User:Person {name:'Mandy', surname:'Smith'});
CREATE (:User:Person {name:'Joe', surname:'Andy'});
----

> Consider blacklisting on the label `:Person`.

Reviewer: As above

[source, cypher]
----
DENY TRAVERSE Person ON GRAPH * TO users;
----

> If the user runs a query that will use the native single property index on `name`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user runs a query that uses the native single property index on `name`:
```

==== Example with denylisted properties

Consider the following example.
The database has nodes with labels `:User` and `:Person`, and these have properties `name` and `surname`.
We have indexes on both properties:

[source, cypher]
----
CREATE INDEX singleProp FOR (n:User) FOR (n.name);
CREATE INDEX composite  FOR (n:User) FOR (n.name, n.surname);
CALL db.index.fulltext.createNodeIndex("userNames",["User", "Person"],["name", "surname"]);
----

[NOTE]

> Full-text indexes also support multiple labels.

Reviewer 3: I know this was here already, but to me the word `also` could be removed here. I guess it refers to that the native indexes supports multiple properties, while fulltext indexes also supports multiple labels. But without that context, it read a bit weird.

See <<administration-indexes-fulltext-search, Indexes for full-text search>> for more details on creating and using full-text indexes.

> After creating these indexes, it would appear that two of the indexes accomplishes the same thing.

Reviewer 3: You could make it even clearer which two of the indexes you refer to, by writing `the latter two indexes` or mention composite and fulltext explicitly here and change back to `these two` in the next sentence

> This query will perform several checks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This query performs several checks:
```
I know this is not part of what you have changed, but we strive to keep the active voice and present tense.

* do a scan on the index to create a stream of results of nodes with the `name` property, which leads to five results
* filter the results to include only nodes where `n.name CONTAINS 'ndy'`, filtering out `Mark` and `Joe` so we have three results

> * filter the results to exclude nodes that also have the label `:Person`, filtering out `Mandy` so we have two results

Reviewer 3: Maybe we should point out explicitly that this filtering is because of the DENY as opposed to the filter before that is because of the query? 

Same for the composite example as well

For the above dataset, we can see we will get two results and that only one of these has the `surname` property.

> To use the native composite index on `name` and `surname`, the query needs to include a predicate on the `surname` property as well:

Reviewer 3: 👍

The problem now is that we do not know if the results provided by the index were because of a match to the `name` or the `surname` property.
The steps taken by the query engine would be:

* run a _Lucene_ query on the full-text index to produce results containing `ndy` in either property, leading to five results.
* filter the results to exclude nodes that also have the label `:Person`, filtering out `Mandy` and `Joe` so we have three results.

This difference in results is due to the `OR` relationship between the two properties in the index creation.

> ==== Blacklisting properties

Reviewer: As above

MATCH (n:User) WHERE n.name CONTAINS 'ndy' RETURN n.name;
----

> This query will operate exactly as before, returning the same two results, because nothing in this query relates to the blacklisted property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This query operates exactly as before, returning the same two results, because nothing in this query relates to the denylisted property.
```

> However, for the query targeting the composite index things have changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, for the query targeting the composite index, things have changed.
```

[source, cypher]
----
MATCH (n:User) WHERE n.name CONTAINS 'ndy' AND n.surname IS NOT NULL RETURN n.name;
----

> Since the `surname` property is blacklisted it will appear to always be `null` and the composite index empty. Therefore, query returns no result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the `surname` property is denylisted, it will appear to always be `null` and the composite index empty. Therefore, the query returns no result.
```

Now consider the full-text index query:

[source, cypher]
----
CALL db.index.fulltext.queryNodes("userNames", "ndy") YIELD node, score
RETURN node.name
----

> The problem that we do not know if the results provided by the index were because of a match to the `name` or the `surname` property remains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The problem remains, we do not know if the results provided by the index were because of a match on the `name` or the `surname` property.
```

Results from the surname now need to be excluded by the security rules, because they require that the user cannot see any `surname` properties.
However, the security model is not able to introspect the _Lucene_ query to know what it will actually do, whether it works only on the allowed `name` property, or also on the disallowed `surname` property.
We know that the earlier query returned a match for `Joe Andy` which should now be filtered out.
So, in order to never return results the user should not be able to see, we have to block all results.
The steps taken by the query engine would be:

> * Determine if the full-text index includes blacklisted properties

Reviewer: as above

* Determine if the full-text index includes denylisted properties
* If yes, return an empty results stream, otherwise process as before

> The query will therefore return zero results in this case, rather than simply returning the results `Andy` and `Sandy` which might be expected.

Reviewer 3: Good catch, I had to think a bit about this one before I realised that this makes more sense than only `Andy`

Author: Part of the reason I wanted to add Sandy, to show that the composite index  don't find her but the fulltext will :)
